[SCHOOL BELL RINGING]
I can't believe Ms. Dew,
the art teacher, is back.
I know.
I-I think the semester break
did her some good.
I mean, she looks a lot less nervous.
-Go, Ms. Dew!
-[WHIMPERS] No...
I think maybe
we should keep our voices down
and not make any sudden movements.
Good afternoon, students.
I just wanted to say
that it's so nice to be back.
And while I was away,
I really missed the school.
So, I thought
that my first art project back
should be about school unity.
I'm all for school unity,
as long as it doesn't involve Kate.
So, this Friday, we are all going to
put our painted handprints
on the courtyard wall
for a Mural of Togetherness.
So, please, make sure
you don't leave your hands at home.
That was a joke.
-[FAKE LAUGHTER]
-Oh.
Miranda!
Wh-What? I am just trying
to be supportive.
Plus, it sounds like
-a pretty cool project.
-[SIGHS]
Sounds to me like the school's trying
to save money
on repainting the courtyard
by getting us to do it.
School painting project.
School car wash project.
School clean-up project.
Hey, wait, maybe Gordo's right.
So, I was trying to figure out
what color we should do our handprints
for the school Mural of Unity.
Oh, that's so funny
'cause I just read this great article
about how the color of your front door
should reflect the personalities
[STRAINING]
of the people who live in the house.
Oh, no, she doesn't.
I'm painting the school for free.
Mom's not roping me
into doing the front door, too.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, so, today,
I'm painting our door red.
Red? What's wrong
with white like we have now?
Well, red's exciting and we're
the exciting McGuires. [GRUNTS]
Oh.
Okay, I can look at
some other colors.
[SQUELCHING FOOTSTEPS]
Thank you.
I think I've got a problem.
LIZZIE: Yeah,
I think it's wetting your bed.
JO: Lizzie. What happened, Matt?
[SIGHS] I don't know.
All I did was put on my slippers
and they're soaked.
Oh, no! Stop! Stop! Come here.
Uh, a pipe burst in the wall
in Matt's room. The floor is soaked.
I had to turn off the water.
Oh, no. Now, we have
to move everything out of his room.
You know what, I'm going to call work
and tell them I'm not coming in,
because we're going to have to
move Matt into Lizzie's room
till we get it fixed.
What? No, no, no, no, no.
Porcupine Head is
not sleeping in my bedroom.
Where do you think
he's going to sleep? Outside?
-Actually...
-Don't.
[SIGHS]
Yeah, don't.
-Oh, you little...
-[LAUGHING]
Hey, I am the child
with the most seniority here.
I deserve some respect,
and I deserve it now!
Please?
[THEME SONG PLAYING]
-[FIRE ALARM BLARING]
-Very good fire drill, people.
Now, remember, stay quietly
in line until the all-clear bell.
It's just a drill.
Don't panic. It's just a drill.
I don't think
she's going to make it to Friday.
she'll even make it to lunch.
Oh, come on, you guys.
Everybody's doing the mural.
Let's go find a place
to put our handprints.
GORDO: Why do you
have to be so cooperative?
Why can't you be bitter
and cynical like a normal student?
Gordo, it's just a goofy art project.
It can't hurt.
Plus, we get out of school
for half a day.
-Whatever.
-Great, let's find a place.
How about right there in the middle?
Cool. It's fine with me.
Uh, the middle? I don't think so.
The cheerleaders are putting
their handprints in the middle
and the jocks are going next to them.
Maybe you guys could
go by the trash can
with the chess club geeks,
if they let you.
I thought that this
was supposed to be about unity.
I thought that we were all supposed
to blend our handprints in together.
Uh, yeah.
You guys go be all unified over there.
Fine. We will go put
our handprints over there.
KATE: No, mine go in the middle.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Do you guys know
Jar Jar Binks' middle name?
Um, Jar?
Are you Jedi Knights?
Were you born on the planet Alderaan?
-Uh, no.
-No, you weren't.
So, that quadrant
is off limits to you.
When is the mothership
going to come take Tudgeman home?
Okay, news flash, people.
It's just a wall.
Last week, you guys
were bouncing a stupid ball off of it,
and this week, you guys are
treating it like it's some new planet.
MS. DEW: Do not panic. Do not panic.
Just a drill. Do not panic.
Do not panic.
I think we're going to
have to do this one for Ms. Dew.
This is so unfair.
There is no room for me on the wall
and there's no room for me at home.
What do you mean
there's no room for you at home?
Well, my parents want Matt
to move into my bedroom.
Oh, that's not going to happen.
You mean,
that's not going to happen again?
We already tried that
when I was like five,
and even then he was like,
whipping me in the head
with his teething ring.
[BABY MATT CRYING]
Why do you have to
share a room with Matt?
Are your parents having a baby?
No, that's gross.
Some kind of pipe busted
in Matt's room.
And, so, until it gets repaired,
Stink-boy's with me.
-[BELL RINGING]
-There's another fire drill!
Ms. Dew, Ms. Dew. That was just
the all-clear bell, Ms. Dew.
I knew that.
You're right. She definitely needs us.
[SIGHS]
So, I guess we're green with envy?
That's what you get?
-No, it's fresh, like springtime.
-[DOOR SHUTS]
So, who let the weasel
out of his cage?
Uh, okay, Matt and your dad
are just moving
a few of Matt's things into your room.
Matt's stuff? In my room?
How will I ever get the stench out?
Ugh!
[SCOFFS] Dad, what are you doing?
I'm getting Matt's bed set up.
Oh, hey, you're here
to fix the pipe, right?
It's in the next room.
I'll be right there.
Dad, why is Matt's bed in here?
What do you expect him to do, Lizzie?
Curl up in the corner?
Of course not in the corner.
There's room in the closet.
I thought he had a sleeping bag.
Lizzie, this isn't a camping trip.
-Hey.
-Uh, no, that does not go on my wall.
MATT: But it's Weird Al.
He's way cool.
Yeah, well, if Weird Al
touches my wall,
he'll come down
as Shredded Al, okay? No.
You just don't appreciate good music.
Well, I'd really appreciate it
if you kept your infested trash
out of my room.
Mom said I can bring the stuff I need
-into your room.
-[SCOFFS]
[SQUELCHING]
I know what Matt needs. His own room.
[SPLASHING]
So, what do you think?
I think you got a leak.
Right.
So, how long do you think
it will take you to fix it?
About an hour or two.
That's great.
So you'll be finished today?
[LAUGHS]
That's a good one.
[SPLASHING]
So, um, by tomorrow
it can all be fixed, right?
Tomorrow, I have to
buy my materials and hire my crew.
Then how about the next day?
Yeah, in a perfect world.
Well, maybe you can help us
find someone to do the work today?
Yeah, maybe.
You can check around,
but if you do decide to hire me,
by this afternoon
I may have more work scheduled,
which means you'd have to
wait another week.
-You're hired.
-Great.
Now, I just need a check
for five, ten, 15, $1000.
And if I don't use it all,
I'll give you the rest back.
[SAM CHUCKLES WEAKLY]
Like that's going to happen.
That green color mean
you got a lot of money?
[CHUCKLES] Honey?
What is that for?
Matt wants a blanket for his bed.
But I keep my room warm.
Ah!
Why is it so cold in here?
I like to keep the window open.
Mom, I don't want
to be flash-frozen like Matt.
Okay, Matt, you and Lizzie are going
to have to cooperate with each other.
Each of you is going to
have to bend a little bit.
Bend? There's only
so much bending I can do
until I... break.
-This is my room.
-I know, honey,
but it's our house, and in times
of trouble, we stick together.
It just so happens that you guys have
to stick together in the same room.
Matt, I saw that.
Okay. Good night, sleep tight,
don't let the bedbugs bite.
Okay, here are the real rules.
You're going to stay in your bed
and I'm going to pretend
not to notice you, okay?
Also, you don't touch my stuff,
and I'm going to pretend
not to notice you.
And don't speak, because then
t will be a whole lot easier
for me not to notice you.
Fine, but I want that open.
No, no, no.
I sleep with it closed.
[OCEAN SOUNDS PAYING ON DEVICE]
What is that?
This is my sound-soother.
The sound of the ocean relaxes me.
-Yeah, well, it makes me...
-[SOUND STOPS]
...seasick.
[SCOFFS]
I don't sleep with that on at night.
I'll burn up.
Well, I'm sorry,
take your blanket off.
I'll freeze.
[LIZZIE GROANS]
I sleep with that open
so I can see the moon.
So, that's the howling noises
I've been hearing at night.
I want it down.
-Up!
-Down!
-No, up!
SAM: [YELLING] You two had better
zip it and go to sleep
or I'll make you
both sleep on the floor!
[LIZZIE GASPS]
[SIGHS]
I don't sleep with a night-light.
And I like the door open.
[SIGHS]
I can't sleep with the door open.
[LIZZIE GROANS]
Not another word.
Okay.
[CRASHING AND CLANGING]
I have got to get some sleep tonight.
-[CLANGING CONTINUES]
-Oh!
What time did he start?
6:00.
Okay, I'm thinking about
painting the door orange.
What do you think?
Knock, knock.
-Who's there?
-Orange.
Orange who?
Orange you going to get
awful sick of an orange door?
[JO CHUCKLES]
Mom, Dad, Matt kept me up all night.
He talks in his sleep.
It is so creepy.
I don't talk in my sleep.
Like you would know.
Mom, Lizzie turned off my alarm.
I don't like alarms! They wake me up.
I like it when you wake me up gently.
Aww, that's so sweet.
Wait a minute.
You guys,
you kept us up all night last night.
It was his fault.
He kept bothering me, Mom.
I never bothered you.
I was just trying to
make the room comfortable.
Okay, enough.
Go, get ready for school.
How's it coming?
Pretty good, actually.
[CLANGING]
I think I'm going
to need a bigger deposit.
And I think I'm going to be
stuck with Matt forever.
Mom and Dad brought him
into this world,
why can't they take him out of mine?
I know we're
supposed to be supporting Ms. Dew,
but I don't think that we need to be
practicing making hand prints.
Well, Matt kept me up all night,
so handprints is about
all I can handle.
Oh, so, how's the room sharing
thing going?
[SCOFFS]
Oh. That good.
Oh, Tudgeman.
You got a little something right here.
No. Over here.
Kind of over here.
No over there a little.
There. You got it.
She digs me.
[CHUCKLING] Hey, Tudgeman,
you got stuff all over your face.
Like here and there
and there and there.
I can't believe you fell for that.
Ladies.
You know, the scary thing is,
he's probably going to
be very successful at politics.
Hey, I'd vote for him.
Even with paint in his hair,
he still looks perfect.
Which means he'll be
putting his hand prints
with all the "perfect hair" people,
unlike us,
with no place to go.
LIZZIE: Hey, you know what?
Forget about what Kate says,
and what Tudgeman says.
We're going to find
a group to put our hand prints with.
[GASPS]
Oh, very good hand prints, Lizzie.
Yes.
Thanks, Ms. Dew.
Yeah, this could work. We like sports.
I'm sure the basketball team
will let us put our prints
with theirs.
-[WHISTLE BLOWS]
-Out of the way, freaks.
[GRUNTING]
Okay, maybe we should
start with the geeks.
Why don't they move something?
It's chess. It takes concentration.
Well, maybe they need motivation.
Go, team, go!
Come on, move that king! Yeah!
-[GRUNTS]
-Okay, all right. We're going.
[PANTING] I don't want to put
our hand prints with theirs anyway.
-[SIGHS] What's next?
-Drama club?
[SIGHS]
I just wanted to say
that as I watched you
and listened to you,
I became you. [SIGHS]
I then felt I knew you.
Of course you did,
because I am what you feel.
-Oh, yeah!
-[CHUCKLES]
Excuse me, we're trying
to have a personal conversation here.
Oh! And I kn-- I knew that!
A-And we're leaving immediately.
-[SIGHS]
-Ah! Take it easy!
I said I'm sorry.
-That went well.
-Yeah.
So, what's next?
Hey!
[GRUNTING]
Okay, that was vicious.
I like my clothes.
That's it. Nobody wants us
to be a part of their group.
[SIGHS]
It's not a Mural of Togetherness.
It's a Mural of
Make Lizzie Feel Like a Loser.
Uh-huh, blue. Blue.
Kinda sad.
Blue?
Yeah. Blue. Peaceful.
It's a little sad, isn't it?
Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad.
Hi, guys.
I-I think it's peaceful.
Not for long.
[LIZZIE AND MATT YELLING]
Mom and Dad, somebody has
taken everything out of my room!
My Weird Al poster is gone!
Relax, I put everything in the garage.
I do have this for you.
-What is this?
-Your beds.
This week,
while Matt's room is being repaired,
until you two can get along,
you'll be sleeping in those.
[SCOFFS] You've got to be kidding me.
Nope.
Ugh!
You took away all their stuff?
I have a plan.
LIZZIE: Ugh!
I am so looking forward
to hearing this.
Well, I just figured,
if I took away
all the stuff they're fighting over,
there'll be nothing left for them
to fight about and they'll just
have to work out
their problems together.
-Wow.
-[CHUCKLES]
That's very forceful of you.
-Yeah? [CHUCKLES]
-Yeah, I like it.
Is it hot in here or is it just me?
This is all your fault.
My fault?
I didn't make the pipe burst.
I want my bed back.
I want my night light.
Well, I want my sound soother.
[SIGHS] Listen, worm.
We're not going to get anything back
if we keep arguing,
-so we have to stop.
-Like that's going to happen.
Well, we don't actually
have to stop arguing.
We just have to
convince Dad that we've stopped.
Oh, I see. Fool our parents.
I like it.
I thought you would.
Wait, we don't have to,
you know, hug or anything, do we?
Ugh! No.
Are you guys arguing again?
Why, no, Father.
Without our things here
to distract us,
we've really gotten to
know each other.
Yeah, and like each other.
We've really learned our lesson.
Really? Well, I'm impressed.
I think maybe you guys
are ready to get your stuff back.
You think so?
Well, Father does know best.
I love seeing you two like this.
I'll be right back.
"Father"? What's with
the "Father" thing?
"Like each other"?
Don't you think that's a bit
over the top?
Matt, it's Dad.
It's not like we're trying
to fool Mom or anything.
True.
-Elizabeth?
-Yes, Matthew?
Would you like me to help you carry
your books to the bus stop, Elizabeth?
Oh, my Matthew.
That would be wonderful.
Thank you.
Uh-oh. She spotted us.
Just run. Run, run, run, run.
You see that, honey?
My plan is working.
Your plan is not working.
They're not getting along.
-But they...
-Honey,
they're pretending to get along
so they can get their stuff back.
I knew that.
[SIGHS]
-I got to buy some new shoes.
-[SQUELCHING]
These got wet up there.
I'll just add it to the bill.
Yellow?
That reminds of when I was a kid.
I had this little baby yellow chick.
He was so sweet.
He used to go, "Cheep, cheep."
"Cheep."
You know, it's supposed to be the sun.
You know, bright, like a new day.
You made it through a whole week
-with Matt in your room.
-Mm-hmm.
Let me guess, while you were sleeping,
he put whipped cream in your hand
and tickled your nose with a feather?
Well, things were
kind of rocky at first,
but, you know,
bottom line is, we're family.
And when tough times come around,
we have to stick together.
You guys really got along?
Got along?
Uh, I guess we did get along.
We kind of had to
act like we liked each other
to survive Dad's attempt
at child psychology.
Matt's a pretty good actor, though.
Well, I wish we could
pretend to be part of some group
so we'd have someplace
to put our hand prints.
Let's just face it.
Despite however many different groups
of people there are here,
we're just not going
to belong to any of them.
Guys, you're right.
Ooh! It's mural day! It's mural day!
Ooh! Ooh! I hope you all
remembered to bring your hands.
I think maybe she meant it that time.
No! I already decided
that we're going to
put our prints in a pyramid.
And, Tiffany,
you have a really stubby finger,
so put you print somewhere
where no one will notice.
Hey, I have an excellent idea.
Spock would be proud.
Uh, Ms. Dew, I got a problem.
Oh, thank you so much for trusting me
enough to share it with me.
Yeah, whatever.
Well, see, it's like this.
I keep on trying to do a thumbs up,
but the wall won't let me.
You think I should try
with my other hand?
[SHUDDERS]
[GRUNTING]
Do you know what? I'm okay about
not being in any of the groups.
Yeah, me, too.
And when I think about it,
the only group that I want to be in
is standing right next to me.
Look! There's a spot right there.
Let's make our move.
That's it!
That's the color
I've been searching for!
[SIGHS]
How many colors did you go through
till you found that one?
-A few.
-Not bad.
You ever need a job,
you can work for me.
-Thank you.
-That's for you.
Oh!
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
Was that the construction guy?
Yeah. Look at this.
Two dollars and forty-three cents.
-Now, that's a shock.
-I know.
Hey, I like it.
Yeah. I think I do, too.
See you, honey.
You don't want the change?
Ugh! So messy.
Yeah, but it was a cool way of getting
everyone out of school
for half the day.
-Mm-hmm.
-Hey, we ought to
go back and sign our names
next to our hand prints.
MIRANDA: Yeah, uh, well,
which ones are ours?
[LIZZIE CHUCKLES]
You know, after seeing
Ms. Dew's Mural of Togetherness,
the whole thing about which group
put their hand prints where,
didn't matter much.
'Cause when you look at it,
all the prints kind of blend together
in a group that's just [CHUCKLES] us.
-[CHUCKLES]
-I used deodorant this morning.
Yeah.
Oh, so, how's
the room-sharing thing going?
[SNEEZES]
Oh, that good?
[COUGHING]
Somebody has stolen everything...
Not stolen.
Somebody has taken
everything out of my room!
-And my Weird Pal-- Dang!
-Al.
I think we should start over.
And I think I'm going to be
stuck with Matt forever.
Mom and Dad brought him
into this world.
I heard that, Matt.
[LAUGHTER]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]